OK so let's go ahead and continue.
The first thing it will need to do is well I've created a new file here but we're going to get to that.
But the first thing we need to do is go to the index dot h DML.
So let me just go ahead and find it.
There we go.
And here are going to go ahead and type in the following.
So base page ref equals
slash.
OK.
So this represents the root of our application to beginning the root the starting point and we're going
to place that here.
Now please go ahead and make a file out routes that TS with in the app folder.
And here we're going to have all these beautiful lines of code.
Let me just go over them quickly.
So first of all we are importing a few things here.
The rotary config this is a list of wraps route's is based around is basically an object which determines
which content will be served along with the specified you are able to imports down below.
Well this is the home component and this is the account component.
Now provide a router.
This is tied to this function here.
This basically returns all the needed services and we have created an array here where we shall store
those services so it returns all the needed services and disarray will contain a list of services the
main service will be the router service which will be configured to our routes and these are our routes.
So this is the syntax for the route so when we are creating some sort of an array here and we are listing
one route after another sort of.
So we have a path and then we have we just type in path and then we type in the route.
And then we specify which component would be like to use and here the first route is basically the route
the beginning the base you are well so you can type in as I've specified here like localhost and then
the port or local host port and then a slash and down below.
The second path is actually accounts.
One key note here you cannot do this.
So this is very bad for angular.
You don't use slashes at the beginning you can use them later on here but you don't use them at the
beginning.
And this is going to be a local host call and 3000 and then slash accounts 3000 is the port.
Anyway go ahead and create this file and have this code in it.
Now then next up is the main dot ts.
Let me just go ahead.
Save this.
Next up is the main ts.
So here aside from all that's listed here we need to go ahead and create an additional imports so import
router underlined fighters
slush up that route.
This is from the file that we basically just created and it's route wraps anyway and down below in Bootstrap
we will go ahead and type in the following so we need to place a comma here and then to go into the
next line.
It's going to be like this app router providers
and they block your apps.
So app providers and then just close the block and that's it.
So control us to save it.
So we need to plug this plug or we just go out and showed it to you.
Actually it's going to be simpler this way.
So you have appro providers and this function basically returns all the needed services which are stored
into this array.
So when you go into the main tiers when you plug this array in here and specify that the entire application
will be using it you will have all the needed services they're available.
And this is where we actually plug it in.
And this is where we actually create our routes.
OK.
So let's go to the app component.
Extremal So app component that DML and here we are.
We will need to basically just add a few things.
So here should be their router outlet.
Her outlet should be an auto complete but it's not completing.
It's not out of completing for some strange reason.
So this is the this is the component where the router will actually place the content depending on which
route is active.
So depending on the type of depending on where you are well what you type in that is the sort of content
which will be placed here in between these two.
OK so next up we're going to go into the app component dot D.S..
And here we need to make a few modifications.
So we need to create an additional import
Browder when we will need to have directives so router up directives.
This came from.
This is something that's built into the angular.
So at angular angler's router and UPS he had down below here.
Directives going to go ahead and put the router
ffs.
OK.
So control s to save now will go ahead and jump into the home component out actually.
So home component that HD M-L and here will just need to make another smaller adjustment.
So again at other heathery three we're going to do a
router
rudder link the Morgan State equals to all excluding the second counts
this you like look at your accounts
dot and let's go ahead and close this tag and let's go ahead and close the header tag as well.
Sorry about that.
My throat is getting a little bit dry.
So this is basically an array and this array has this particular element slash cap.
It's more elements can be passed.
So this will be basically a cut slash account is the link parameter and this will be bound to the router
link directive here.
So this is one of the parameters that will be bound to the router Alling directive so we will definitely
need this.
And now we can go to the home component the directives themselves have been explained previously as
well.
So now we're going to go into the home component of TS and here we're going to mess around a little
bit.
Nothing too fancy so just two lines of code that we need to add.
It's going to be import again again router
what is this
Rachel.
So Rohter directives from
angler's router
underneath the templates will just do the same thing.
Now we will plug in the directors and actors call them
router directives.
Thank you for the autocomplete.
It has been most helpful.
So that's all we really need to do.
We don't actually need to do anything else just plug us plug a bunch of the same stuff in multiple places.
Really that's pretty much all that we did here in order to allow for the separation of our Homeside
lemming page and the accounts site.
So we will proceed in the fullest Troil.